Frederick Backman

https://www.fredrikbackmanbooks.com/

A Man Called Ove

A Man Called Ove by Fredrik Backman is a heartwarming story about an isolated and grumpy old man who finds unexpected friendship and purpose in the most unlikely of places. It's a touching tale of love, loss, and the power of human connection.

Anxious People

This story features a Bank Robber, a Hostage Situation, a Real Estate Agent and an entire cast of other extremely complicated characters. This is a character driven novel and it delves into the trials and tribulations of each individual whose lives are affected by the situation that they are in.

Beartown (novel)

Beartown (original title in Swedish: Björnstad) is a novel by Swedish writer Fredrik Backman.[1] The novel, noted as "hockey literature", centers on a declining youth hockey team in a small town. The story follows the events leading up to a violent incident involving two teenagers and the consequences that they face, the hockey players, their families, friends, and the community which has a long-standing reputation as a hockey town. It is the first book in the Beartown series, followed by Us Against You and The Winners.

Britt-Marie Was Here
The story follows 63-year-old Britt-Marie, who finally leaves her unfaithful husband after a decades-long failed marriage. She finds a job in the small, declining town of Borg, and despite knowing little about soccer, becomes the youth soccer coach.

Becoming a sucessful illustrator Derek Brazell and Jo Davies
http://www.derekbrazell.com/

Becoming a Successful Illustrator focuses on the idea fact that creative talent needs to be backed up with business skills. The books covers the many aspects that a professional illustrator needs to think about in order to make a living off creating images.

Marie-Aude Murail
https://www.instagram.com/mamurail/

Sauveur and Son centers around the life of widowed father and psychologist Sauveur Saint-Yves and his eight-year-old son, Lazare, in Orléans, France. The word “sauveur” in French translates to “savior,” and with a name like that, wouldn’t one feel predestined to save the whole world? Sauveur was born in Martinique and migrated to France after the death of his wife when Lazare was three years old. A deeply empathetic psychologist, he possesses boundless humor and generosity for his patients—even when encountering their resistance to therapy or blatant racism against him as a black man in France. Through his skill and kindness with his patients we learn the details of their ordeals, and eventually get to the heart of not only their experiences, but also the story of Sauveur himself.

Terry Pratchett
https://www.terrypratchettbooks.com/
Mort
a satirical comedy about how Death takes young Mort from the fields, teaches him to collect souls, and takes a holiday to experience human pleasures. In Death's absence, Mort prevents an assassination and needs strong magic to repair the rift in history.


Foundations. Graphic design 01. Approach and language. Gavin Ambrose, Nigel Ono-Billson

https://research.brighton.ac.uk/en/persons/gavin-ambrose

When we dare to finally realize our dream, the question always arises, "Where to start?". Even people of the freest and most inspired professions at the start very much need the support and help of experienced colleagues and mentors. Gavin Ambrose and Nigel Ono-Billson have offered graphic design beginners a helpful, friendly and colorful guide to the profession. The first book in this series will help you familiarize yourself with a professional dictionary and toolkit, provide practical tips on working with ideas and implementing ideas, teach you how to work with a brief and design the result of your creativity in accordance with standards. And a brief historical tour and excellent examples of the works of modern designers give an opportunity to understand the general context of the development of the industry. 


Foundations. Graphic Design 02: Design Research. Gavin Ambrose, Neil Leonard

https://research.brighton.ac.uk/en/persons/gavin-ambrose

A graphic design project can be seen as a sequence of choices — and the more conscious the choice at each stage, the better the result. Research — it is a tool with which you can study a subject in depth, and based on the acquired knowledge, choose among possible options and make successful and well-founded decisions.
Research — a long process, it begins with an initial search for data based on brief requests, and then through audience research leads to the development and synthesis of ideas — and all the way to final testing of materials, processes, and solutions.

Your workflows may be structured or intuitive, but research in general should be approached with an open mind. You can start with a very clear methodology that will consistently lead you from one stage to another, or you can choose a series of experiments, and based on the results, decide what the next step will be. In any case — be open to what the research shows you. This textbook will be your guide, introducing you to basic concepts and terminology and helping you get the most out of your research. You will receive the most necessary information about various research methods, learn to define and study your target market, and make successful and competent design decisions. The book will help you realize your own ideas by planning and structuring your work so as to get the best results and open new horizons of creativity.


Foundations. Graphic design 03: Generating ideas. Gavin Ambrose, Neil Leonard

https://research.brighton.ac.uk/en/persons/gavin-ambrose

«There are many levels of idea generation: from macro to micro, from brainstorming to more targeted, selective and strategic schemes. Creative thinking — a skill that can be developed. And in this book, you'll find a variety of approaches, theories, and strategies to help you do just that. In particular, we will look at some rather historically determined strategies, and the corresponding practical exercises will help you see them in the context of your own design work. Ideas — the basis of good design. Generation, selection and development of these ideas — fundamental skills of a graphic designer-practitioner. The book will help you get involved in the work and generate more ideas and a variety of interesting, effective and relevant design solutions.

